# SNHU--CS300
CS 300 DSA: Analysis and Design
  In this course the projects revolved around the idea of finding the most efficient algorithms and data structures to use for sorting and retrieving data. In this scenario we had a ABCU as the client. They wanted to organize their Computer Science department course catalog so that advisors could print out all the courses offered, search for specific courses, and also list all the prerequisites for any given course. To select the best course of developing this software, I first looked at the three main data structs and how they work in regard to memory and run-time efficiency. This brought me to the conclusion tha binary search trees would be the best choice for this project. Once I had this information and made the recommendation to the client, I wrote out pseudocode for the software, and then created the functioning code.
    Any issues I encountered I was able to find more in depth information online. There is a plethora of information regarding data structs and algorthmic application. The study material was also very informative, and lucky for me I do enjoy the coding aspect so it came to me much easier than I had initially anticipated. One of the biggest lessons I had [picked up from these projects is that the design and planning had made my coding/development step significantly easier than if I had jsut jumped right into the code. It made it very easy to follow my pseudocode and implement a functioning program. I feel that this is one of my best works to date when it comes purely to coding, and I am very happy with the result of this project.
